PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated September 11, 2024
This Privacy Notice for our, describes how
and why we might access, collect, store, use, and/or share ("process")
your personal information when you use our services ("Services"),
including when you:
Download and use our mobile application (WidYou), or any other
application of ours that links to this Privacy Notice
Use Help. Widyou: Your Personal Support Companion Widyou is a
free app designed to help people navigate difficult times by offering a
supportive space to express their feelings and receive personalized
advice. Simply start a conversation, and our AI-powered assistant
will provide helpful guidance, tips, and encouragement. Free and
Fast: No registration or payment is required. Just open the app and
start chatting. Mental and Emotional Support: Whether you're feeling
overwhelmed, anxious, or in need of advice, Widyou is here to offer
guidance and help improve your well-being. Widyou is designed for
anyone who needs a helping hand during tough moments. You're not
alone—Widyou is with you.
Engage with us in other related ways, including any sales,
marketing, or events
Questions or concerns? Reading this Privacy Notice will help you
understand your privacy rights and choices. We are responsible for making
decisions about how your personal information is processed. If you do not
agree with our policies and practices, please do not use our Services.
SUMMARY OF KEY POINTS
This summary provides key points from our Privacy Notice, but you
can find out more details about any of these topics by clicking the
link following each key point or by using our table of contents below
to find the section you are looking for.
What personal information do we process? When you visit, use, or
navigate our Services, we may process personal information depending on
how you interact with us and the Services, the choices you make, and the
products and features you use. Learn more about personal information you
disclose to us.
Do we process any sensitive personal information? Some of the
information may be considered "special" or "sensitive" in certain
jurisdictions, for example your racial or ethnic origins, sexual orientation,
and religious beliefs. We do not process sensitive personal information.
Do we collect any information from third parties? We do not collect any
information from third parties.
How do we process your information? We process your information to
provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for
security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also
process your information for other purposes with your consent. We process
your information only when we have a valid legal reason to do so. Learn
more about how we process your information.
In what situations and with which parties do we share personal
information? We may share information in specific situations and with
specific third parties. Learn more about when and with whom we share
your personal information.
What are your rights? Depending on where you are located
geographically, the applicable privacy law may mean you have certain
rights regarding your personal information. Learn more about your privacy
rights.
How do you exercise your rights? The easiest way to exercise your
rights is by submitting a data subject access request, or by contacting us.
We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable
data protection laws.
Want to learn more about what we do with any information we
collect? Review the Privacy Notice in full.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
2. HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
3. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL
INFORMATION?
4. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
5. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
6. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
7. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
8. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
9. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?
10. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
11. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE
COLLECT FROM YOU?
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal information you disclose to us
In Short: We collect personal information that you provide to us.
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you
express an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and
Services, when you participate in activities on the Services, or otherwise
when you contact us.
Sensitive Information. We do not process sensitive information.
All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete, and
accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal
information.
Google API
Our use of information received from Google APIs will adhere to Google
API Services User Data Policy, including the Limited Use requirements.
2. HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We process your information to provide, improve, and administer
our Services, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and
to comply with law. We may also process your information for other
purposes with your consent.
We process your personal information for a variety of reasons,
depending on how you interact with our Services, including:
3. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR
PERSONAL INFORMATION?
In Short: We may share information in specific situations described in this
section and/or with the following third parties.
We may need to share your personal information in the following situations:
Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in
connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of
company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our
business to another company.
Affiliates. We may share your information with our affiliates, in
which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy
Notice. Affiliates include our parent company and any subsidiaries,
joint venture partners, or other companies that we control or that are
under common control with us.
Business Partners. We may share your information with our
business partners to offer you certain products, services, or
promotions.
4. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING
TECHNOLOGIES?
In Short: We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect
and store your information.
We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons
and pixels) to gather information when you interact with our Services.
Some online tracking technologies help us maintain the security of our
Services, prevent crashes, fix bugs, save your preferences, and assist with
basic site functions.
We also permit third parties and service providers to use online tracking
technologies on our Services for analytics and advertising, including to help
manage and display advertisements, to tailor advertisements to your
interests, or to send abandoned shopping cart reminders (depending on
your communication preferences). The third parties and service providers
use their technology to provide advertising about products and services
tailored to your interests which may appear either on our Services or on
other websites.
Specific information about how we use such technologies and how you can
refuse certain cookies is set out in our Cookie Notice.
5. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the
purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice unless otherwise required by law.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary
for the purposes set out in this Privacy Notice, unless a longer retention
period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting, or other
legal requirements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your
personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such information,
or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information
has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your
personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion
is possible.
6. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM
MINORS?
In Short: We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children
under 18 years of age.
We do not knowingly collect, solicit data from, or market to children under
18 years of age, nor do we knowingly sell such personal information. By
using the Services, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are
the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor
dependent’s use of the Services. If we learn that personal information from
users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the
account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from
our records. If you become aware of any data we may have collected from
children under age 18, please contact us at mouadok26@gmail.com.
7. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short: You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time,
depending on your country, province, or state of residence.
Withdrawing your consent: If we are relying on your consent to process
your personal information, which may be express and/or implied consent
depending on the applicable law, you have the right to withdraw your
consent at any time. You can withdraw your consent at any time by
contacting us by using the contact details provided in the section "HOW
CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?" below.
However, please note that this will not affect the lawfulness of the
processing before its withdrawal nor, when applicable law allows, will it
affect the processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on
lawful processing grounds other than consent.
8. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile
applications include a Do-Not-Track ("DNT") feature or setting you can
activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your
online browsing activities monitored and collected. At this stage, no uniform
technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has
been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser
signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your
choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted
that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a
revised version of this Privacy Notice.
9. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?
In Short: Yes, we will update this notice as necessary to stay compliant
with relevant laws.
We may update this Privacy Notice from time to time. The updated version
will be indicated by an updated "Revised" date at the top of this Privacy
Notice. If we make material changes to this Privacy Notice, we may notify
you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly
sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this Privacy Notice
frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
10. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS
NOTICE?
If you have questions or comments about this notice, you may contact us
by email at: mouadok26@gmail.com
11. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE
THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
Based on the applicable laws of your country, you may have the right to
request access to the personal information we collect from you, details
about how we have processed it, correct inaccuracies, or delete your
personal information. You may also have the right to withdraw your consent
to our processing of your personal information. These rights may be limited
in some circumstances by applicable law. To request to review, update, or
delete your personal information, please fill out and submit a data subject
access request.
